I heard you got engaged in December.
Congratulations.
Finally got the wish.
Hello, forget about marriage.
Ah.
Why can't you have feelings?
Why do you care so much?
Why are you so angry with people?
Even though we broke up.
But you're my ex-boyfriend.
I care what happens to you.
No, you said yourself we broke up.
Don't give me this.
I'm telling you I don't like To Mat Nguyet.
I'm not going to eat this stinky grass.
Right?
But...
I hear in your heart that you don't think so.
Yes.
What do I think?
This girl's just learned something -- psychology, no expression -- something he saw.
Hey.
Okay, I know.
My father and Nhu Long have arrived.
Let's go up.
Why do you want to continue?
Dad, we're coming.
Mutant emotions
But it's not like the family can't beat you.
What does the old man know?
How to choose first
It's okay, encounter an eyesore that doesn't work, but there's a bit of silence.
But it's okay.
Sooner or later, let him think.